Do you know where
they were headed?
Could you tell?
That's him.
The girl that
Bishop Paulsen saw.
It was someone
else's daughter.
You could've stopped it.
He had repented.
Thought I was doing
the right thing.
Her mother passed tragically.
Well, we're proud
to support the work
you do for the White House
in any way we can, Mr. Tobler.
You take care
of my Janice now.
You need to get him talking
and let him lead us to her.
It is pure hell, Mary Ann,
not knowing where she is.
Oh, just thinking about all
the awful things that might
be happening to her out there.
You are an evil man.
Evil.
Anything you want.
Yeah, I'll take a hot dog.
A hot dog?
Anything in the world,
and you wanna have a hot dog.
Okay. Don't tell your mother.
What are you gonna put on it?
Now, you wait here,
and I'll be back in a jiff.
All right?
- All right.
All right.
Hello? Brobergs.
- Hi, Mary Ann.
Hiya, B.
It's nice to hear your voice.
I think you'd be even happier
when you hear why I'm calling.
Oh, is that right?
A contact of mine spotted
Jan across state lines,
a real surprising
location for her.
Why should I believe
a single word
out of your mouth?
You'll listen 'cause you'll
have nothing if you don't.
Now...
I'll tell you everything,
but only in person,
'cause I know these lines
can be tapped,
and I don't want my words
being twisted against me.
They're not tapped.
Oh, sure they are.
You've got a recording device
right there next to you
in the kitchen.
Did Gail tell you that?
You never mind that,
Mary Ann.
You just come in person.
And you come alone,
no police, no Bob.
I've had about enough of him.
That's a lot of conditions.
Well, I'm doing you a favor
telling you everything I know.
And I need to feel like
there's a little trust.
Of course, there is.
What do you say we meet
at the Crossroads Cafe
near Ogden City?
Noon on Saturday.
That's a week away.
Why not sooner?
Well, I'm busy.
I'm scouring the Earth
trying to find Jan.
You said you
knew where she was.
And I know you can't
leave the state
because of your parole.
Mary Ann, Mary Ann,
the only thing
that matters to me
is finding Jan.
If that doesn't work for you,
then we don't have to meet.
Crossroads Cafe, Saturday.
Give me strength.
Give me--
- Janice?
Are you OK?
I heard you
the last few nights.
And...
it sounded like
you were crying.
I wasn't crying.
You miss Lebanon?
I miss where I'm from
before that.
And I miss my family.
I used to act in all
the school plays.
So I miss that.
There's this play
at the boys' school.
I wanted to audition,
but I was too shy to go alone.
It's "As You Like It"
by Shakespeare.
I can't talk to boys.
Says who?
We're at boarding school.
Beautiful car.
How you doin'?
Hey.
Hey, can I help you?
- * Some people run ♪
What the hell are you doing?
- * Some people crawl ♪
Whew.
Thanks for holding this for me.
Bob, you know you can
count on me
when you're down on your luck,
but that don't mean
you can store guns
on my lot now.
Well...
I asked you before
if I could store it here.
You said yes.
I don't remember that.
Maybe you're losing it, Joe.
I got the FBI
calling me again,
asking if I know where Jan is.
Yeah.
You know, as a matter of fact--
- I don't wanna know.
- No, no, no, no.
No. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Joe. Joe.
There's something I've been
meaning to talk to you about.
I wanted to say thank you.
For when you turned me
and Jan in,
in Mexico.
At the time I was angry.
In the end, I'm just grateful,
you know?
Because we're in a much better
place now.
All those obstacles,
I think they brought us closer.
You know, I feel like we really
know each other now
as lovers
and also as friends, you know?
As--
As partners.
Bob, you get that girl
pregnant, you're screwed.
Well, it's hardly an issue.
I don't know where
she even is.
Anyway, she ain't even
got her period yet, so--
It's always good
seeing you, Joe.
Hey, find somewhere else
to store your shit, Bob.
I don't want nothing
to do with this.
I'm done.
Sure thing, toughie.
Whatever you say.
Mary Ann.
Detective George Shail,
Ogden Police.
Sorry for the short notice.
I appreciate you coming down.
- Of course.
I'll do anything to help.
We've been watching Berchtold
since Agent Welsh put him
on our radar.
A lot of us have
young children, so--
What we need you to do
is tell us if this is the girl
you saw with him.
- Yes, that's her.
- All right.
We'll show her a photo of Jan.
Officer Jensen?
Carly, do you
recognize this girl?
Ma'am, what is your relationship
to Robert Berchtold?
Uh, is--
is this because
of the Brobergs?
Because I know all
about them, you know?
They will not rest until his
life is ruined,
no matter how many stories
they tell.
It's really something.
You know...
Bob has his struggles.
But he's a good man.
He's always there
when I need him.
He's helped me
in countless ways.
And he's just been a complete
angel with my Carly.
We just need to know what
your relationship is to him--
friend, boyfriend?
He's like a family member.
What do you think
about Bob, honey?
He's so much fun.
We do everything together.
He's my best friend.
Thanks for coming right over.
I am really not supposed
to be here right now.
Mary Ann, you cannot
go see Berchtold by yourself.
He's worried about
being recorded.
If I go in person,
maybe he'll actually
give us something we can use.
The only thing that
he is worried about
is getting a legal marriage
on the books
to protect himself
from prosecution.
He needs your consent.
If you go and meet
him in person,
he may use force to try to
get you to sign those papers.
- It's a public place.
- Oh, Mary Ann, that's--
My daughter is out there.
I can't just wait.
It's a personal piece.
If you must go, take it.
Mary Ann, it's for protection.
Please, don't just shoot him.
Hey there, movie star.
Come on.
Hi.
OK, you ready?
Come on.
It's so nice to have
the whole day to ourselves.
So how you doin', Dolly?
I'm good.
Oh, I get it.
Well, we all get
the blues sometimes,
even yours truly,
shocking as that may be
to hear.
But it's a beautiful day.
So what are we gonna do next?
Go to the Chinese Theater again
or Hollywood Wax Museum?
Uh, I--I don't really
mind either.
You can pick.
What's with you? Huh?
It's not the wrong time
of the month, is it?
I still haven't gotten it,
if that's what you're asking.
Good.
Zeda and Zethra were concerned.
So--
They asked you about that?
How come?
Well, if you don't get
your human period, then...
you can't be pregnant.
- Oh.
I haven't had one this entire
time and I'm not pregnant.
Oh, exactly.
Exactly what?
Is that right for
a half-human like me?
Uh, you know,
biology's a whole other
ball game on their planet.
So, you know,
I'm thinking wax museum.
How do you know stuff
about biology on their planet?
Zeda and Zethra talk
to me all the time.
All the time?
When did that start?
You know what?
Dolly, I don't tell you
about all this stuff
because it's traumatizing,
OK, and I don't
want to burden you with it.
So I bear it on my own.
OK?
- OK.
And don't bite your nails.
You'll bite them
down to nothing.
How about another
driving lesson, huh?
Yeah, all right.
Here we go.
Uh-huh. Stay to the right,
stay to the right.
Oh, that is great, Dolly.
That is great.
You're a natural.
This is a pretty neighborhood.
Yeah.
It looks different now
that I'm having fun.
What do you mean different?
Different from when?
Oh, I don't know
what I'm talking about.
When have you been
here before?
Um, I--
it wasn't a big deal.
It was just an audition
for a play.
A play?
What kind of play?
Just a school one.
Shakespeare.
So why wasn't
it on campus then?
It was at a different school.
A boys' school?
Are you telling
me you auditioned
for a play at a boys' school?
I didn't even talk
to any of the boys.
You expect me
to believe that?
Well, B, it's true.
Were you even
gonna tell me?
You were at a school
with boys and men,
and you think that's OK?
You think it's OK
for the mission?
I wasn't even the
one who wanted to go.
You know, when you lie,
you don't just hurt me.
You hurt your own soul.
Stay to the right.
And worst of all,
you hurt the mission.
Do you even care about
the mission at all?
Of course, I do.
You know it's all that I think
about all day and all night.
I can't even sleep.
I'm doing everything
that they're asking--
Hey, Dolly!
♪ When the deep purple
falls ♪
♪ Over sleepy garden walls ♪
♪ Sleepy garden walls ♪
♪ And stars begin
to twinkle ♪
♪ In the midst of a memory ♪
I think that's hard.
We're all OK.
OK, well, you're [instinct].
- Yes, [indistinct].
OK. Take care.
Scoot over.
Move over.
Do you think I have
to go to the hospital?
No, I don't think you need
to go to the hospital.
It's a bump on the noggin.
And even if it was worse,
I couldn't take you.
You know that, right?
I just--
I feel kinda dizzy.
Well, thanks to Mary Ann
and Bob's treachery,
we're not even safe
where we are.
If a cop had driven by--
You know, thanks
to your parents and my parole,
I can't leave Utah.
So a hospital record
in the state of California,
that sends me right back
to jail.
And then where would we be?
And I told you to watch
the road, didn't I?
I told you to watch the road!
And what if I'd lost you?
I'm really sorry.
I didn't mean to upset you.
You're my angel
on this Earth, Dolly.
Here you are, hurt,
and you're worried about me.
You know, I didn't wanna
have to tell you this,
but...
the reason that Zeda and Zethra
have been contacting me
is 'cause they're angry
with you.
They said that?
Yeah, they're upset
that we're not married yet.
And they think that you're
not trying hard enough.
But I am. I am trying. I--
They've started to talk
about what to do
because you've lost faith.
And they may not wait
till you're 16.
They may take Susan
and make her
take your place right now.
They said that?
And the scary thing is,
she's so small.
She's so small having a baby
could kill her.
Because they've been clear
from the start,
if it falls to Susan,
you'll only have yourself
to blame.
Now, that is why
we have to get married.
All right?
When this trip is over,
I'm going to get
those last ducks in a row
to make sure that happens.
But you're with me on this,
right, completely?
No distractions, no slacking.
Total focus.
Say it.
I'm with you...
completely.
I hope so.
And please, Heavenly Father,
guide Mary Ann.
Might she know what to say
so that you'll tell us
where Jan is.
Please protect her.
Please bring Jan back
so that we can be
together again.
Heavenly Father,
I promise to return
to the path of righteousness.
God, please.
Give me another chance
to be her mom again.
Amen.
- Amen.
All right.
Why don't you pass me
your plate, honey?
♪ Say no more ♪
♪ I understand ♪
♪ Our love affair ♪
♪ Didn't go as I planned ♪
♪ Say no more ♪
♪ Just walk away ♪
♪ Have no regret ♪
♪ I'll forget you someday ♪
Hi, Mary Ann.
Take a seat.
Can I get you anything?
No, thank you.
Mmm.
I'm here by myself.
Mm-hmm.
Where's Jan?
You know...
I think Jan is going through
a very difficult time
right now.
I'm dating a new woman.
I'm not sure you heard that.
Is that who I saw you with?
Yeah, she's got a daughter.
Carly, good kid.
Good kid, very artistic.
That's sweet.
Yeah.
Well, I think Jan
must be jealous or something,
because the strangest thing
happened yesterday.
What happened?
Well, Carly left the house
to go to school.
And these four hippies,
hippies with long hair
in an out-of-state car
start riding alongside her.
One of them shouts
out the window, says,
"Are you Carly?"
This poor girl is so scared
she doesn't know what to say.
And he says, "If you're Carly,
"I've got a message for you
from Jan.
"You stay away from Bob.
He belongs to Jan Broberg."
- Good heavens.
- Yep.
My girlfriend, Carly's mother,
she's, you know,
she's real upset.
She says,
'All the trouble you're in,
now you go and get involved
in something like this?"
I said, "I didn't have
nothing to do with it."
Jan has got her heart set
on us getting married.
And she just will not
stand the thought
of anyone getting
in the way of it.
Are you sure I can't
get you something?
Where is she?
Let's take a walk.
Where to?
Well, I'm parked
right out front.
Come on.
♪ Say no more ♪
♪ I understand ♪
♪ Our love affair ♪
♪ Didn't go as I planned ♪
♪ Say no more ♪
♪ Just walk away ♪
♪ Have no regret ♪
We haven't been this
close a while, Mary Ann.
You know, I miss it.
All right, B, tell me
where my daughter is.
OK.
Well, you just sign this...
and I'll tell you where Jan is.
You think I came here
to sign a piece of paper
so you can marry my daughter?
You just sign
on the dotted line.
OK?
We're all tired of doing this.
You sign and you
bring her home.
OK, you don't even have
to tell Bob about it.
I spoke to a new lawyer
who said we can get this done
with only one signature.
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
No.
You don't get to take this
and act like it's evidence.
You just sign, OK?
You sign and you end this.
Over my dead body.
Well, let's not make it
come to that, Mary Ann.
Tell me where she is.
Fine.
You don't want to sign it?
I'm done talking.
- You're not done talking.
You're gonna tell me
where she is right now.
I don't think you understand
what I mean
when I say I'm done talking,
Mary Ann.
What I mean is...
I don't have much use
for you anymore.
You won't hurt me.
It'll mean you can't have Jan.
You are so lucky
I need you alive.
Right back at ya.
Don't you fuckin'
threaten me, Mary Ann.
Do not threaten me.
Get out of this car.
Get out of this car and you
don't come crawling back to me
until you can put
your own ego aside
and you do what's
right for Jan.
Get out!
Go!
♪ Say no more ♪
Which stairs
did you fall down?
Sofia, could we have a moment?
Was it when you were out
with your father last week?
I was with my father,
Mr. Tobler.
But I didn't fall down.
We got into a car accident.
Well, you see,
he was on his way to a meeting
with a really important man
in the government, and...
you know, he still needs people
to think we're in Lebanon
with the CIA and everything.
But...
he just--he couldn't
take me to a hospital,
otherwise there would
have been a record.
I'm sorry, but you
have to understand.
My dad is the only thing
that's standing between
the United States
and the communists.
Thank you for trusting me
with this.
I've never seen anyone
do that before.
I don't have enough
fingernails left.
You know, you shouldn't have
told the nuns about my head.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, don't
talk about things
that you don't know about.
I was just worried about you.
Well, I'm fine.
Is your dad hard on you?
Is that what it is?
Mr. Tobler is the only person
who truly cares about me.
He's the only one who's helping
me do what I need to do.
You call your dad Mr. Tobler?
No, Janice, wait.
Something's going on and--
I don't want
to be friends, OK?
Just please stay away from me.
Everyone around me gets hurt.
Hello? Brobergs.
Mary Ann?
Jan, honey, is that you?
Jan, where are you?
I tried to call earlier,
but the line was busy.
Tell her we miss her.
We miss you.
It's so good
to hear your voice.
Ask her where she is.
I owe you an apology.
I wasn't all there
for you when you needed me.
Are you OK?
- Ask her where she is.
How are you, honey?
Where are you?
Did you sign
the marriage papers yet?
Look, I know you
don't like this,
but B says that
I can't see you
until you sign them.
No, I haven't signed
the papers
because I'm not going
to sign the papers
because your father and I
don't want you
to marry that man.
OK. Bye, then.
No, wait, wait,
talk to your sisters.
Come on.
Hi, Jan.
Hey, Karen.
Listen.
Has anything weird
been going on?
Have you seen any UFOs?
UFOs?
No, we haven't seen any.
Why are you asking about this?
No reason.
Is Susan there?
Is she OK?
She's fine.
She's right here.
Do you wanna talk to her?
- Yeah. Now, please.
Hi, Jan.
- Hey, Susan.
- We miss you.
How are you?
I'm doing really good.
I just miss your voice.
That's all.
Wait, hold on.
I need to put in more coins.
It's nine quarters
and a dime.
There are only six areas
in the United States
that are $2.35
from Pocatello, Idaho,
five small municipalities
and Los Angeles.
How many schools
do you think are in L.A.?
That's your job.
Her name is Jan Broberg.
And why exactly are you
looking for this girl?
We're checking all
the schools in the area.
She here?
No.
I'm sorry. I haven't seen her.
Good luck.
- Thank you, Sister.
- Thank you.
Right this way.
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Tobler?
It's Sister Ramona
with Flintridge Academy.
I know you said to only call
this number in an emergency,
but I just wanted to tell you
that I have never lied
to a police officer
in my life.
They came here saying that
they were looking for Janice,
but they had a different name.
It all seemed very strange.
So I told them that
she wasn't here.
But if those
were real officers,
then I don't want
to mislead them.
I'm sorry,
it's the wrong number.
Watch it, man!
Sorry! Sorry! Sorry!
Hi, Sister Ramona,
it's Frank Tobler.
Sorry, I had to tell you
that was a wrong number.
I'm concerned there
was a compromised line.
But I'm calling you back
now from a secure line.
So, you know,
you did the right thing.
You did the right thing
not believing
those police impersonators.
And, you know,
the U.S. government
thanks you for your service.
But you just--
you hang tight, OK?
And you tell Jan--
you tell Janice
I might have to, uh,
come take her
out of school
for just a little bit.
But you don't worry,
because we will prevail.
OK, bye now.
Go with him.
Hi, buddy, no, no, no.
I need this phone.
Sorry.
Hello, operator.
This is agent
Peter Welsh with the FBI.
I have a subpoena to search,
and I can stay on the phone
with you for as long
as it takes till
I verify my identity.
Now, what I need
is the location
and the number
of the call that was
just placed
from this pay phone.
Excuse me, can I help you?
We're looking
for Jan Broberg.
I told your
colleagues there's no one
here by that name.
I'd like to see
some identification, please.
Robert Berchtold.
This is the FBI.
Fuck!
We have a warrant
for your arrest.
Fuck!
We are not here to judge
your innocence or guilt.
We want to extend to you
the courtesy
of surrendering yourself
without incident.
I want you to immediately
exit the RV
with your hands held high
over your head.
Leave any weapons
you may have behind.
Robert Berchtold.
Exit the vehicle now.
Jan Broberg?
Jan?
- Jan Broberg...
- Jan!
We're taking you
into custody as a runaway.
There's gotta be
some kind of mistake.
My name is Janice Tobler.
My father is Frank Tobler.
Robert Berchtold,
put your hands high in the air
where we can see them.
How you doin', fellas?
♪ I can see her lying back ♪
♪ In her satin dress
in a room ♪
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will
be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford
an attorney,
one will be appointed for you.
Do you understand the rights
that I just read to you?
Yes, I do.
♪ Sundown,
you better take care ♪
♪ If I find
you've been creeping ♪
♪ 'Round my back stairs ♪
I'm not Jan Broberg.
♪ She's been looking
like a queen ♪
♪ In a sailor's dream ♪
♪ And she don't always say
what she really means ♪
♪ Sometimes I think
it's a shame ♪
♪ When I get feeling better
when I'm feeling no pain ♪
As you know now,
our daughter was kidnapped
a second time.
We kept the truth
from the public
for strategic reasons
and also private reasons,
which we now regret.
We made mistakes.
But that is just one of
the things that happens to you
when you are targeted
by a predator
of Robert Berchtold's
abilities.
♪ Sundown,
you better take care ♪
♪ If I find you've been
creeping 'round ♪
Try not to go too hard
on your folks
when I get you back.
They love you.
I don't know what
you've been through, Jan,
but the faith that allowed
him to manipulate
your mom and dad
and all of you,
it's the same faith that's
gonna get you through this.
Guess what?
I got your favorite
in the glove compartment.
Here.
I don't like those anymore.
You're very important
to a lot of people, Jan.
Don't forget that.
Well, I wish I wasn't.
When's Jan getting home?
Any minute.
Hi, Janny.
It's so good to have you home.
We got all your favorites.
We even stayed home
from school.
I'll let you all be.
Thank you.
Well, the woman
of destiny returns.
Jan, honey?
Can we come in?
Is there anything
you wanna talk about?
I'm not your daughter.
I never was,
and I never will be.
The sooner you learn
to accept that, the better.
* ♪